
Mise à jour 30.03.2015 Changer de  banque ne sera plus un  casse-tête !  Le  Comité  consultatif du  secteur financier  vient de se  prononcer en  faveur de la simplification de  cette  procédure :  tout sera  automatisé, le client qui  souhaite changer de  banque  n'aura plus  qu'à  transmettre un RIB de  sa  banque au  nouvel  établissement et à signer un  mandat. La nouvelle  banque se  chargera de  lister  tous les  virements  et  prélèvements de  l'année  passée et  d'indiquer aux  différents  émetteurs les  coordonnées du client à jour. Le service  devrait  voir le jour  d'ici  octobre 2016 et sera  surement  gratuit.  
Le document  gratuit du jour  est un  cours de marketing  bancaire  sur la  fidélisation de la  clientèle des  banques.

Hey  Kavitha, ok but can you please put the same display, and not on a grey background as  currently ?  everything should be aligned and on the white BG. =&gt;   http://awesomescreenshot.com/0ef4f1z571 It is fine. 
Also, can you confirm to which language correction language is linked  to ? Means, article  language ? AO  language ? = &gt;   For correction public/private , consider language from step 2, and show the correctors list in 2 nd step and give option to filter using language. 
 Also, I have a doubt on the current process. Because for me it's  more :
Production team select the  language : people that will see the AO and receive an email --&gt; Writers and correctors that have those languages will receive emails and see the AO.  Yes, I think we are considering AO level language when we sending email, right?
Then, if AO is private, they select language(s) of people that will be able to participate --&gt;  This (these) language(s) will be the same for correctors.  Yes now, but  pls give option in 2 nd step too.  
Then, in step 2 --&gt; if we have 3 articles for example, PM are filtering the writing language (by unselecting some of those languages if selected in step 1 for the private AO) so it should filter the language for correctors too for the article correction --&gt; We should always see the language listing but not be able to select/unseleect for correction (in steps 1 and 2), and we should be able to see the corrector listing in step 2 also for each article in order to be able to select/unselect the ones we want or not.  Show the correctors list and give the option to filter correctors list in step 2 as we discussed.

Is everything  clear ? Thanks a lot  Kavitha  
Explore  Citi through 
the eyes of our employees.