
(

     Template for Preparation of Papers for IEEE Sponsored Conferences &
                                  Symposia
   Frank Anderson, Sam B. Niles, Jr., and Theodore C. Donald, Member, IEEE

  Abstract—These instructions give you guidelines for preparing  papers  for
IEEE conferences.  Use  this  document  as  a  template  if  you  are  using
Microsoft Word 6.0 or later. Otherwise, use this document as an  instruction
set. Instructions about final paper and figure submissions in this  document
are for IEEE journals; please use this document as a “template”  to  prepare
your manuscript. For submission guidelines,  follow  instructions  on  paper
submission system as well as the  Conference  website.  Do  not  delete  the
blank line immediately above the abstract;  it  sets  the  footnote  at  the
bottom of this column.

                                INTRODUCTION

T
HIS document is a template for Microsoft Word versions 6.0 or later. If  you
are  reading  a  paper  version  of  this  document,  please  download   the
electronic file, ieeeconf_letter.dot (for letter sized paper:  8.5”  x  11”)
or ieeeconf_A4.dot (for A4 sized paper: 210mm x 297mm) and save to  MS  Word
templates directory. The  template  to  produce  your  conference  paper  is
available at www.paperplaza.net/support/support.html.  To  create  your  own
document, from within MS Word, open a new document using  File  |  New  then
select ieeeconf_letter.dot (for letter sized paper) or ieeeconf_A4.dot  (for
A4  sized  paper).  All  instructions  beyond  this  point  are  from  IEEE.
Instructions about final paper and figure submissions in this  document  are
for IEEE journals; please use this document as a “template” to prepare  your
manuscript.  For  submission  guidelines,  follow  instructions   on   paper
submission system as well as the Conference website.
  If your paper is intended for a conference, please contact your conference
editor concerning acceptable word  processor  formats  for  your  particular
conference.
  When you open ieeeconf_letter.doc or ieeeconf_A4.doc, select “Page Layout”
from the “View” menu in the menu bar (View | Page Layout), which allows  you
to see the footnotes. Then type over sections of  the  sample  file,  either
ieeeconf_letter.doc or ieeeconf_A4.doc or simply cut and paste from  another
document and then use markup styles. The pull-down  style  menu  is  at  the
left of the Formatting Toolbar at the top of your Word window (for  example,
the style at this point in the document  is  “Text”).  Highlight  a  section
that  you  want  to  designate  with  a  certain  style,  then  select   the
appropriate name on the style menu. The style will  adjust  your  fonts  and
line spacing. Do not change the font sizes or line spacing to  squeeze  more
text into a limited number of  pages.  Use  italics  for  emphasis;  do  not
underline.
  To insert images in Word, position the cursor at the insertion  point  and
either use Insert | Picture | From File or copy the  image  to  the  Windows
clipboard and then Edit | Paste Special | Picture (with  “Float  over  text”
unchecked).
  IEEE will do the final formatting of your paper. If your paper is intended
for a conference, please observe the conference page limits.

                       Procedure for Paper Submission


1 Review Stage

  Instructions about final paper and figure submissions in this document are
for IEEE journals; please use this document as a “template” to prepare  your
manuscript.  For  submission  guidelines,  follow  instructions   on   paper
submission system as well as the Conference website. Please check with  your
editor on whether to submit your manuscript by hard copy  or  electronically
for review. If hard copy, submit  photocopies  such  that  only  one  column
appears per page. This will give your  referees  plenty  of  room  to  write
comments. Send the number of copies  specified  by  your  editor  (typically
four).  If  submitted  electronically,  find  out  if  your  editor  prefers
submissions on disk or as e-mail attachments.
  If you want to submit your file with one column electronically, please  do
the following:
    --First, click on the View menu and choose Print Layout.
    --Second, place your cursor in the first paragraph.  Go  to  the  Format
menu, choose Columns, choose one column Layout, and choose “apply  to  whole
document” from the dropdown menu.
    --Third, click and drag the right margin bar to just over
  This work was supported in part by the U.S. Department of  Commerce  under
Grant BS123456 (sponsor and financial  support  acknowledgment  goes  here).
Paper titles should be written in uppercase and lowercase letters,  not  all
uppercase. Avoid writing long formulas with subscripts in the  title;  short
formulas that identify the elements  are  fine  (e.g.,  "Nd–Fe–B").  Do  not
write "(Invited)" in the title. Full names of authors are preferred  in  the
author field, but are not required. Put a space between authors' initials.
  F. Anderson is with the National Institute of  Standards  and  Technology,
Boulder, CO 80305 USA (corresponding author to provide phone:  303-555-5555;
fax: 303-555-5555; e-mail: author@ boulder.nist.gov).
  S. B. Niles, Jr., was with Rice University, Houston, TX 77005 USA.  He  is
now  with  the  Department  of  Physics,  Colorado  State  University,  Fort
Collins, CO 80523 USA (e-mail: author@lamar. colostate.edu).
  T. C. Donald is with the Electrical Engineering Department, University  of
Colorado, Boulder, CO  80309  USA,  on  leave  from  the  National  Research
Institute for Metals, Tsukuba, Japan (e-mail: author@nrim.go.jp).

